sample.md, before:

---
marp: true
backgroundImage: url('./std/light_curve.jpg')
backgroundColor: #ffffff

---

# Directories

- highlight `hl/`
- standard `std/`
- title `tt/`

---

# Samples

---

<!-- _class: invert -->
<!-- _backgroundImage: url('./tt/dark_lamp.jpg') -->
![bg 50% right](empty.svg)

## Dark Background Title

Subtitle here



---

<!-- _class: invert -->
<!-- _backgroundImage: linear-gradient(to right, rgba(0, 0, 0, 1) 40%, rgba(255, 255, 255, 0)70%) , url('./tt/dark_keyboard.jpg') -->

![bg 50% right](empty.svg)

## Dark Background Title with Gradient

Subtitle here

---

<!-- _backgroundImage: url('./tt/light_desk.jpg') -->
![bg 50% right](empty.svg)

## Light Title

Subtitle here

---

<!-- _backgroundImage: linear-gradient(to right, rgba(255, 255, 255, 1) 30%, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0)90%) , url('./tt/light_wood.jpg') -->
![bg 50% right](empty.svg)

## Light Title with Gradient

---

<!-- _class: invert -->
<!-- _backgroundImage: url('./std/dark_sand.jpg') -->

## Dark Standard Background

Subtitle here

- Item 1
- Item 2
- Item 3

```python
print('Hello, World!')
```

> Quote here

---

<!-- _class: invert -->
<!-- _backgroundImage: url('./std/dark_sand.jpg') -->

### Improved Readability

<div style="background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.6); padding: 20px; border-radius: 10px;">
    Text with background color to improve readability.
</div>


<span style="text-shadow: 2px 2px 4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.7);">
    Text with shadow to improve readability.
</span>

--- 
<!-- _class: dark -->

sdasas
````

Commit message:

Enhance sample markdown with improved background settings and readability tips

sample.md, after:

---
marp: true
backgroundImage: url('./std/light_curve.jpg')
backgroundColor: #ffffff

---

# Directories

- highlight `hl/`
- standard `std/`
- title `tt/`

---

# Samples

---

<!-- _class: invert -->
<!-- _backgroundImage: url('./tt/dark_lamp.jpg') -->
![bg 50% right](empty.svg)

## Dark Background Title

Subtitle here



---

<!-- _class: invert -->
<!-- _backgroundImage: linear-gradient(to right, rgba(0, 0, 0, 1) 40%, rgba(255, 255, 255, 0)70%) , url('./tt/dark_keyboard.jpg') -->

![bg 50% right](empty.svg)

## Dark Background Title with Gradient

Subtitle here

---

<!-- _backgroundImage: url('./tt/light_desk.jpg') -->
![bg 50% right](empty.svg)

## Light Title

Subtitle here

---

<!-- _backgroundImage: linear-gradient(to right, rgba(255, 255, 255, 1) 30%, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0)90%) , url('./tt/light_wood.jpg') -->
![bg 50% right](empty.svg)

## Light Title with Gradient

---

<!-- _class: invert -->
<!-- _backgroundImage: url('./std/dark_sand.jpg') -->

## Dark Standard Background

Subtitle here

- Item 1
- Item 2
- Item 3

```python
print('Hello, World!')
```

> Quote here

---

<!-- _class: invert -->
<!-- _backgroundImage: url('./std/dark_sand.jpg') -->

### Improved Readability

<div style="background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.6); padding: 20px; border-radius: 10px;">
    Text with background color to improve readability.
</div>


<span style="text-shadow: 2px 2px 4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.7);">
    Text with shadow to improve readability.
</span>

--- 

<!-- _class: invert -->
<!-- _backgroundColor: #000000 -->
<!-- _backgroundImage: ) -->

![bg blur opacity:30%](./std/dark_sand.jpg)

### Improved Readability by Blurring Background

To improve readability, you can 
- blur the background image
- add a semi-transparent overlay
- use a dark background color
